Translation corrections (#317)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kake_032.txt

//rともすれば、資料室と間違えそうなほどの蔵書量に思わずため息が漏れる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ともすれば、資料室と間違えそうなほどの蔵書量に思わずため息が漏れる。",

> 			NULL, "I gasped from the volume of books that made it easy to mistake this place for a reference room.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I gasped at the volume of books that made it easy to mistake this place for a reference room.", Line_Normal);
```

//r涙さえ出てくるような毒臭を吸い込むまいと息を止めながら、換気装置らしきものはないかと周囲に目を向ける。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "涙さえ出てくるような毒臭を吸い込むまいと息を止めながら、換気装置らしきものはないかと周囲に目を向ける。",

> 			NULL, "I held my breath to avoid inhaling the odor that was tearing my eyes up, and looked around for any signs of ventilation.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I held my breath to avoid inhaling the odor that was making me teary-eyed, and looked around for any signs of ventilation.", Line_Normal);
```
